Remove redundant --conn-id flag from `airflow connections list` (#59855)
mistercrunch/Airflow: airflow-core/newsfragments/59855.significant.rst

> Removed the unused ``--conn-id`` option from the ``airflow connections list`` CLI command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed the redundant ``--conn-id`` option from the ``airflow connections list`` CLI command. Use 'airflow connections get` instead.
```

Reviewer: The important part of the newsfragment is to explain people what to do instead if. a feature is removed and another one is suggested instead.

> Removed the redundant ``--conn-id`` option from the ``airflow connections list`` CLI command. Use 'airflow connections get` instead.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Removed the redundant ``--conn-id`` option from the ``airflow connections list`` CLI command. Use ``airflow connections get`` instead.
```
